Build for north (#1)
thalmic/conan-qt: _NORTH_MAINTENANCE.md

| ------------- |:----------------- |:-------------|
| 5.12.5        | stable/5.12.5     | north-1     |

## Submitting changes

You can fork the fork of the thalmic conan-qt fork if you want.  But it seems simpler to just push your changes to a a branch in the thalmic fork and PR from there.

> Note: Please delete your branch as part of merging your PR

## Updating Recipes/Qt Version

1. `git remote add upstream git@github.com:bincrafters/conan-qt`

> Add conan-qt as an upstream

2. `git fetch upstream`
3. `git checkout -b north-2 upstream/stable/5.13.2`

> create a new branch from the upstream target branch.  In this example, we want to upgrade to qt 5.13.2

4. `git push origin north-2`

> push the new branch to the remote (NOTE: this is a vanilla branch)

5. `git rebase north-1`

> rebase the old branch with north changes onto the newest upstream branch

> Note: the Qt 5.12.5 branch does not have a common ancestor to mainline developing so any North changes will need to be cherry-picked in `north-2`

6. update the version in conanfile.py to match the branch version

7. Discover and update any external dependencies following the instructions below

## External Dependencies

> Building dependss on the following external depenendices that must be imported into North's conan-local remote.  When these dependencies change, you'll need to run the import team city jobs to import the updated dependencies below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building depends on the following external dependencies that must be imported into North's conan-local remote.  When these dependencies change, you'll need to run the import team city jobs to import the updated dependencies below:
```

Author: I had to submit another change so I made the change as part of that.
